# AI Code Assistant

Augoor’s Code Assistant Beta is an innovative feature designed to enhance your coding experience. This tool uses advanced contextual analysis to provide comprehensive answers and suggestions based on your entire codebase. It's adept at understanding multiple files and repositories, ensuring that you get the most relevant and useful information.

**How can this Assistant help you?**

- **Enhanced code understanding:** Offers in-depth explanations of code segments, improving your comprehension and providing insight into their impact on your projects.
- **Code writing and refactoring assistance:** Supports you in writing more efficient, readable code and provides contextualized advice for code refactoring.
- **Adherence to best coding practices:** Aims to improve the scalability, readability, and simplicity of your code, contributing to the consistent growth and maintainability of your codebase.
- **Interactive analysis:** Select a code portion using your mouse, and the Code Assistant will analyze and evaluate it, offering insights and suggestions.
  - Supported languages include:
    - C++, Go, Java, Kotlin, JavaScript, TypeScript, PHP, Protocol Buffers, Python, reStructuredText, Ruby, Rust, Scala, Swift, Markdown, LaTeX, HTML, Solidity, C#

### Features


- **Language Options:**
    - English (default)
    - Spanish (setup)
- **Interface:**
    - File explorer
- **Models:**
    - codeLlama 34 B

**Capability to Chat with the AI Code Assistant**

- As a user, you have the capability to chat with the AI Code Assistant, which can assist you in three types of tasks:
    1. **Code Explanation:** You can ask the assistant to explain a piece of code or the entire code in a file.
    2. **Code Refactoring:** You can request the assistant to refactor a piece of code or the entire code in a file.
    3. **Code Smells:** You can ask the assistant to provide a list and explanation of code smells for a piece of code or the entire code in a file.

**Responses format from the AI Code Assistant**

- Responses in markdown format: The type of response the user receives is in markdown format, comprising the following parts:
    1. Plain text with an explanation generated by our models.
    2. Code snippets embedded within the plain text (function names, parameters, members, classes, and other code elements).
    3. Lists of suggestions and explanations.

# How AI Code Assistant works

**Explain: Interaction with the AI Code Assistant for Code Explanations**

1. **Selecting Code from the Code File in the File Explorer Section:**

    A user can select code directly in the file explorer section. Upon selection, a pop-up menu will appear with three options: Explain Code, Refactor Code, and Identify Code Smells. If the user chooses "Explain Code," the assistant will be activated to provide an explanation for the selected code.

2. **Assistant's Response:**

    If the user selects "Explain Code," the assistant will respond with the selected code snippet included in the user's question. The response from the assistant (Augoor) will contain the explanation of the specified code.

3. **Chatting with the Assistant:**

    A user can initiate a chat with the assistant by clicking the "Ask me" button, which opens the assistant's chat window. In the input field, the user can enter their questions or requests for the assistant to address.

<video src="../imgs/code_assistant/explain.mp4" width="100%" controls preload></video>


**Code refactor**

1. **Interaction with the AI Code Assistant for Code Refactoring Suggestions**
    1. **Selecting Code from the Code File in the File Explorer Section:**
        
        A user can select code from the code file displayed in the file explorer section. Upon selection, a pop-up menu with three options will appear: Explain Code, Refactor Code, and Identify Code Smells. If the user selects "Refactor Code," the assistant will be activated to provide suggestions for refactoring the selected code.
        
    2. **Assistant's Response:**
        
        If the user selects “Refactor Code,” the assistant will respond with the snippet of code that was selected in the user's query. The response from the assistant (Augoor) will include suggestions for refactoring the specified code.
        
    3. **Chatting with the Assistant:**
        
        A user can initiate a chat with the assistant by clicking the “Ask me” button, which opens the assistant’s chat window. In the input field, the user can enter the code they wish to refactor and ask the assistant to suggest refactoring changes. This feature allows for direct and interactive assistance tailored to specific code refactoring needs.

<video src="../imgs/code_assistant/refactor.mp4" width="100%" controls preload></video>

**Code smells**

1. **Select Code from the Code File in the File Explorer Section:**
    
    Users can select code from the file displayed in the file explorer. Upon selection, a pop-up menu with three options will appear: Explain Code, Refactor Code, and Identify Code Smells. If "Identify Code Smells" is chosen, the assistant will activate and start the process to identify code smells in the selected code.
    
2. **Assistant's Response:** 
    
    When "Identify Code Smells" is selected, the assistant will respond with the snippet of code chosen by the user. The response from the assistant (Augoor) will include the identification of code smells within that snippet, helping the user understand potential issues and improve code quality.
    
3. **Chatting with the Assistant:**
    
    A user can open the assistant by clicking the “Ask me” button, which opens the assistant's chat window. In the input field, the user can enter the code they are concerned about and request the assistant to identify code smells. This direct interaction allows users to receive specific advice on how to improve the quality and maintainability of their code.

<video src="../imgs/code_assistant/code_smells.mp4" width="100%" controls preload></video>





