docs/versions/2.0.0/installation/guides/helm_chart/azure/infrastructure_overview.md, before:

---
outline: [2,3]
---
Augoor Installation Guide for Microsoft Azure{.guide-set-title}

# Step 1. Infrastructure overview
## Introduction
In this step, you will be given an overview of the configuration required to install and deploy Augoor.

The necessary infrastructure to deploy Augoor includes:

* A AKS Cluster.
* AutoScaling enabled in the cluster.
* NFS Storage Account.
* A PostgreSQL database instance.
* An Load Balancer Controller routing traffic to the Augoor Cluster.
* An assigned subdomain within your DNS.
* An SSL certicate for the Augoor subdomain.

## Create a AKS Cluster
Prepare an AKS Cluster for Augoor installation. The cluster must have two node groups with the following specifications.

### General services node group

|Specification| Value |
|---|---|
|Nodes|2~3|
|Instance Type|Standard_D4s_v3|
|CPU / Memory|4 / 16 GiB|
|Root Disk|120 GiB EBS|

### GPU node group

|Specification| Value |
|---|---|
|Nodes|Min = 0 / Max >= 1|
|Instance Type|Standard_NC24ads_A100_v4|
|CPU / Memory|24 / 220 GiB|
|GPU / Memory|1 / 80 GiB|
|Root Disk|180 GiB EBS|

::: tip For GPU support, we need: 
* [AKS GPU image enabled](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/gpu-cluster)
* [Azure Cluster Autoscaler](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-autoscaler).
:::

## Open communication ports
* The nodes needs to accept TCP traffic on port `8080` from ALBs.
* The nodes need open TCP communication between nodes.
* The nodes need open TCP port 5432 communication with the PostgreSQL Database.

## Allow internet access
The nodes need internet access to download the required Augoor images from the Augoor public registry, unless you are mirroring those images using your own private registry.

::: tip Alternative: Mirror Augoor Images
<!--@include: ../parts/mirroring_docker_images.md-->
:::


## Create a NFS storage
Prepare a AWS EFS storage with the following specifications.

|Specification| Value |
|---|---|
|NFS|Storage Account|
|Config|File Storage/File Share NFS |
|Minimun Capacity|100 GiB|
|Network setting|0.5 GiB/s|


## Create a PostgreSQL Instance
Prepare a PostgreSQL Azure Database Instance with the following specifications.

|Specification| Value |
|---|---|
|Azure Database Instance Type|Standard_B1ms|
|vCPU / Memory|1 / 2 GiB|
|Root Disk|50 GiB EBS|

## Configure Augoor subdomain and SSL certificate
Once you configure the augoor subdomain in your DNS e.g. `augoor.mycompany.com` and create the SSL certificate for that subdomain, you will need this certificate to the ALB.


::: tip Check that you've completed the following steps:
- Created an EKS Cluster with the correct specification, allowed incoming traffic to port `8080` and allowed outgoing traffic to the internet to download docker images (alternativelly allowed traffic to your internal artefact repository).
- Configured a subdomain and created a SSL certificate for it
- Configured an AWS Load Balancer Controller to route traffic to port `8080` in the nodes and assigned the SSL certificate
:::

Commit message:

Update documentation for Augoor version v2.0.0
Update documentation for Augoor version v2.0.0

docs/versions/2.0.0/installation/guides/helm_chart/azure/infrastructure_overview.md, after:

---
outline: [2,3]
---
Augoor Installation Guide for Microsoft Azure{.guide-set-title}

# Step 1. Infrastructure overview
## Introduction
In this step, you will be given an overview of the configuration required to install and deploy Augoor.

The necessary infrastructure to deploy Augoor includes:

* An AKS Cluster.
* AutoScaling enabled in the cluster.
* NFS Storage Account.
* A PostgreSQL database instance.
* An Load Balancer Controller routing traffic to the Augoor Cluster.
* An assigned subdomain within your DNS.
* An SSL certicate for the Augoor subdomain.

## Create a AKS Cluster
Prepare an AKS Cluster for Augoor installation. The cluster must have two node groups with the following specifications.

### General services node group

|Specification| Value |
|---|---|
|Nodes|1~2|
|Instance Type|Standard_D4s_v3|
|CPU / Memory|4 / 16 GiB|
### Augoor services node group

|Specification| Value |
|---|---|
|Nodes|1~3|
|Instance Type|Standard_D4s_v3|
|CPU / Memory|4 / 16 GiB|
|Root Disk|120 GiB EBS|

### GPU node group

|Specification| Value |
|---|---|
|Nodes|Min = 0 / Max >= 1|
|Instance Type|Standard_NC24ads_A100_v4|
|CPU / Memory|24 / 220 GiB|
|GPU / Memory|1 / 80 GiB|
|Root Disk|180 GiB EBS|

::: tip For GPU support, we need: 
* [AKS GPU image enabled](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/gpu-cluster)
* [Azure Cluster Autoscaler](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-autoscaler).
:::

## Open communication ports
* The nodes needs to accept TCP traffic on ports `4000`, `8080` and `8092` from ALBs.
* The nodes need open TCP communication between nodes.
* The nodes need open TCP port 5432 communication with the PostgreSQL Database.

## Allow internet access
The nodes need internet access to download the required Augoor images from the Augoor public registry, unless you are mirroring those images using your own private registry.

::: tip Alternative: Mirror Augoor Images
<!--@include: ../parts/mirroring_docker_images.md-->
:::

## Create a Disk Storage
Prepare a Azure Disk Storage with the following specifications.

|Specification| Value |
|---|---|
|Disk Storage|GCP Disk Storage|
|Config|General Purpose/Elastic Throuput|
|Minimun Capacity|150 GiB|


## Create a NFS storage
Prepare a Azure File storage with the following specifications.

|Specification| Value |
|---|---|
|NFS|Storage Account|
|Config|File Storage/File Share NFS |
|Minimun Capacity|100 GiB|
|Network setting|0.5 GiB/s|


## Create a PostgreSQL Instance
Prepare a PostgreSQL Azure Database Instance with the following specifications.

|Specification| Value |
|---|---|
|Azure Database Instance Type|Standard_B1ms|
|vCPU / Memory|1 / 2 GiB|
|Root Disk|50 GiB EBS|

## Configure Augoor subdomain and SSL certificate
Once you configure the augoor subdomain in your DNS e.g. `augoor.mycompany.com` and create the SSL certificate for that subdomain, you will need this certificate to the ALB.


::: tip Check that you've completed the following steps:
- Created an AKE Cluster with the correct specification, allowed incoming traffic to ports `4000`, `8080` and `8092`  and allowed outgoing traffic to the internet to download docker images (alternativelly allowed traffic to your internal artefact repository).
- Configured a subdomain and created a SSL certificate for it
- Configured an AWS Load Balancer Controller to route traffic to port `8080` in the nodes and assigned the SSL certificate
:::
