# **Delete repositories in Augoor**

Only users with administrator privileges can delete repositories in Augoor. This process is critical as it involves removing significant amounts of data. Below, we explain what data Augoor stores and the implications of deleting repositories.

**Data stored by Augoor:**

1. **Clone repositories:** Augoor clones every repository from the version control system into its database. This allows the generation of extensive metadata that supports all software functionalities.
2. **Metadata:** Augoor generates essential metadata to fuel functionalities such as searching, exploring, visualizing, and providing contextual information about the code.

### **What does mean delete repositories in Augoor**

1. **Complete file system removal:** Deleting a repository entails a "hard delete" of the entire file system previously copied from the version control system into our database.
2. **Metadata Erasure:** All metadata generated by our artificial intelligence models for the repository will be permanently erased.

### **Steps to Delete Repositories in Augoor**

To delete one or more repositories, administrators must use the administration panel:

1. **Navigate to the administration panel:** Access this panel through your Augoor account.
2. **Select repositories:** Choose the repository or repositories you intend to delete.
3. **Activate the delete process:** The “Delete” button at the top becomes active once repositories are selected. Click this button to start the deletion process.
    - The delete process duration can vary based on the repository's size. During this period, all selected repositories will display a “Removing repository…” status.
        - **Administration Panel:** Displays “Removing repository…” for all active deletions.
        - **Repositories Section:** All repositories under deletion will list as “Removing repository…”.
        - **Manage Subscriptions:** Shows “Removing repository…” for affected repositories.
4. **Completion of Deletion Process:**
    - **Successful Deletion:** Once deletion is complete:
        - **Administration Panel:** Deleted repositories will no longer appear in the list.
        - **Repositories Section:** Removed repositories disappear from the general view.
        - **Manage Subscriptions:** Deleted repositories will show as “Not added.”
    - **Failed remove:** Sometimes, the system might not successfully delete a repository. These repositories remain in the database but are disabled from use and marked as “Failed remove” across all listings.

<video src="../imgs/manage_repositories/delete_repositories_sucessfull.mp4" controls></video>
